Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Lately, AI image recognition has been used in various situations, right?
For example, the iPhone X’s facial recognition
Image recognition functionality hasn't actually been integrated into me
With images,
using my big, cute eyes,
I'm still able to recognise things
Should be a piece of cake!
So, to prove it, I’m going to do this!
Tadaa!
“What’s Changed? Z!”
Let's jump right in~!
“Touch the place that changed!”
Yeah this has
definitely changed hah
Ah, there's moss gradually appearing
What?
Huh?
Hmm?
So the moss isn't gradually appearing...
Ahh!
Here!
It’s here!
This is…?
Does the color change or something?
Huuuh?
HUUUH!?
GAME OVER...
Eh?
*staaare*
Whaaa?
Has this changed at all!
Ei!
*bitter laugh*
This is nuts!
Huh?
Huh!?
HUUUH!?
I don’t know!
I don’t get it....
I got it!
This!
Yes!
Hmm?
Where is it?
Hmm!?
Is this one where the color changes?
It’d be hard if it’s the kind where the colors are changing
Although it might not be
Hint!
Ahh!
Hmm
It’s…
disappearing!
The colors weren’t changing!
Straw-ber-ries!
Strawberries?
Ahh!
There's a strawberry appearing
Mister Tiger!
Mister Leopard?
A leopard,
is it?
Hmm?
Huh?
Dun dun duuun...
Hint!
Wha?
What?
Ah!
There's a pattern coming out~
All good!
This is...?
Heh?
Dun dun duuun…
Huh, what is it?
What is it, what is it?
What could it be!
[Dialect from Nagano prefecture]
Huh?
Ah!
It’s vanishing!
This is…?
Hmm?
Ahh…
The bridge's…
edge…
The bridge’s edge…
Hey? Ah ah
I wasn’t paying attention...
Hmm?
Here?
Ohh!
What is it?
Here!
Ah!
It says I got a reward!
I cleared them all!
How did I do, everyone?
It probably gets harder down the road
Well!
Umm…
Getting some, others not…
It was kind of a mixed result
but with hints
I can do it haha
As...expected...of me?
In any case!
It’s certainly
not impossible!
Although that's an underwhelming conclusion
But I guess
there's times like that!
This was from Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord or AI-chan news!
https//discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Wolvenspud, Loserbait, アイマール